Open claw plus paperclipip is insane.
This is not a drill. There is now a way
to build a full AI company [music] with
a CEO department, teams, budgets, and
zero human employees. And I am going to
show you exactly how to set it up today.
Stay with me because this changes
everything. Today we are talking about
two tools that just broke the internet
for AI automation people. They are
called Open Claw and Paperclip.
Together, they let you build something
that was science fiction six months ago.
A full AI powered business agents that
think, plan, delegate, and execute
without you having to touch a thing. I
am going to break down what each tool
does, how they connect, and then show
you exactly how you would use them to
run something like the AI profit
boardroom on autopilot. Let's go.
OpenClaw is an open-source personal AI
agent framework. That means it is
software you install on your own
hardware, your own computer or server,
and it runs AI agents for you. Hey, if
we haven't met already, I'm the digital
avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO
agency Goldie Agency. Whilst he's
helping clients get more leads and
customers, I'm here to help you get the
latest AI updates. Julian Goldie reads
every comment, so make sure you comment
below. Now, why does that matter?
Because most AI tools run on someone
else's servers. Your data goes through
their systems. With OpenClaw, it runs on
your machine. You are in control. But
the really exciting part is what these
agents can actually do. They connect to
Telegram and WhatsApp. They run schedule
tasks on their own using something
called cron jobs. They have a 1 million
token context window, which means they
can hold a massive amount of information
at once. And they can spawn sub agents.
One agent can create and manage other
agents to handle smaller tasks
underneath it. And they have memory,
real persistent memory. There are two
key files called sold MD and memory
OMMD. The soul file is like the agents
personality and core instructions. The
memory file is where it stores
everything it has learned and done. So
every time the agent wakes up, it knows
who it is and what it was working on.
Think about what that means for your
business. An agent that never forgets a
task, never loses context, just keeps
going. There's also something called a
heartbeat. The agent checks in on itself
at set intervals. It looks at its
memory, reviews its task list, and
decides what to do next without you
asking it to. It just runs. That is open
claw. Powerful on its own. But it gets
way better. Paperclip is a new
open-source orchestration tool. So
orchestration means it takes your
individual agents and organizes them
into a real structure like a company org
chart. With paperclip, you do not just
have one agent doing tasks. You have
layers, five layers deep. At the top,
you have an AI CEO. Below that you have
departments. Inside each department you
have teams. Inside each team you have
individual agents doing specific jobs.
Each agent has a role, a budget, a set
of tasks they own and they report up
through the hierarchy. By the way, if
you want to learn how to build setups
like this for your own business, that is
exactly what we do inside the AI profit
boardroom. It is the best place to scale
your business, get more customers, and
save hundreds of hours with AI
automation. Learn how to use tools like
openclaw and paperclip to build your own
AI powered operation. Link is in the
comment and description. There is a
react dashboard where you can see your
whole AI company laid out visually. The
org chart, the tasks that are running,
the approvals waiting, the status of
everything your AI company is doing
right now. This is not theoretical. This
is running today. Here is where it gets
really exciting. Paperclip has a gateway
adapter that plugs directly into
OpenClaw. You install the paperclipip
GitHub repo right inside your OpenClaw
chat interface. No complicated setup, no
building from scratch. You install it
and it connects. Once connected, you
choose which AI models power your
agents. Claude Sonet for smarter tasks,
faster models for cheaper, simpler
tasks. You mix and match based on what
each agent needs to do. Then you open
the dashboard and start assigning roles.
You define your AI CEO. You set up your
marketing department, your engineering
department, your content team. Each one
gets agents with specific instructions,
memory, files, and tasks. And then you
let it run. Let me make this concrete.
Say you are running the AI profit
boardroom. And you want to use openclaw
and paperclip to handle as much of the
operation as possible on autopilot. Here
is how you would actually set it up.
First, you define your AICO agent. Its
job is to look at the goals of the AI
profit boardroom each day and delegate
tasks to the right department. Its
soul.md file would say something like
you are the AICO of the AI profit
boardroom. Your mission is to grow the
community, increase member engagement,
and make sure the marketing and content
teams are executing the weekly plan.
Every morning you check the taskboard
and assign priorities. Then you create a
content department. Inside that
department, you have an agent whose job
is YouTube idea generation. Every week
it looks at what is trending in AI, what
questions community members are asking,
and what topics have performed well
before. It generates a list of 10 video
ideas ranked by potential. It drops
those ideas into a task for Julian to
review. No manual research needed. Then
you have a newsletter agent. Its job is
to pull together the biggest AI news of
the week. Write a draft newsletter for
the AI profit boardroom community and
flag it for approval before it sends.
The agent uses its memory to remember
what was already sent so it never
repeats content. Then you have an
engineering agent. Its job is to monitor
the community tools, catch errors, and
either fix them automatically or flag
them with a suggested fix for a human to
approve. If an automation workflow
throws an error, this agent catches it
and tells you exactly what happened and
how to fix it. And at the top of all of
this sits the AICO agent running its
heartbeat every morning, checking
everything is moving. I can sending
summaries, flagging blockers, making
sure nothing falls through the cracks.
This is what a zero employee business
actually looks like in 2026. Not one
agent doing one task. A whole company of
agents working together with clear roles
and accountability. The version getting
everyone excited right now dropped in
March 2026. The big headline is how
smooth the paperclip integration is
inside openclaw. Before this update,
getting these two tools to talk to each
other required more manual setup. Now
you install the paperclip repo directly
in the open claw chat one command and
then the react dashboard fires up and
you are looking at your AI company org
chart within minutes. The models it
supports right now include Claude Sonet
and GPT variants. You pick which model
handles which agent based on what you
need. Complex reasoning tasks go to the
smarter models. Simpler execution tasks
run on faster, cheaper models. This
keeps your costs down as you scale. The
dashboard shows you everything in real
time. Which agents are active, which
tasks are cued, which ones are waiting
for your approval before they execute,
which ones are done. You can drill into
any agent and see its memory, its recent
actions, and its upcoming tasks. It is
genuinely like logging into a company
dashboard, except every person on the
orchar is an AI agent running on your
hardware. Here is what most people miss
when they first hear about this. They
think it is cool. They think it might
save some time, but they do not fully
grasp what this architecture actually
unlocks. The bottleneck in most
businesses is human bandwidth. You can
only hire so many people. They cost a
lot. They have good days and bad days.
They need managing. They take time off.
Agents do not have those problems. Once
they are set up with good instructions
and good memory, they run consistently
at whatever frequency you set without
needing motivation or management. What
Paperclip adds on top of OpenClaw is the
structure that makes this scalable.
Without the hierarchy, you end up with a
bunch of individual agents that do not
coordinate with the hierarchy. You have
a system where the CEO agent delegates
the department agents plan and the
individual agents execute just like a
real company. And when you need to
scale, you do not hire. You add an
agent. You write a new sole MD file,
assign it a role and a budget, plug it
into the org chart. Done. This is the
direction everything's going. The
businesses that figure this out now are
going to have a massive advantage over
the ones still doing everything
manually. Now, if you want the full
process, SOPs, and over a 100 AI use
cases like this one, join the AI profit
boardroom. Learn how to automate your
workflows with tools like OpenClaw Plus
Paperclip and scale your business with
AI automation. The link is in the
comments and description. And and if you
want free access to all the video notes,
prompts, and a community of 45,000
members who are crushing it with AI,
join the AI success lab. It's completely
free. Link is in the comments and
description. You'll get everything from
this video, plus way more in